== Description

You have the beginnings of a ruby library and you want to access it quick.
You don't want to bother making a gemspec for it and uninstalling/reinstalling its gem
while you mess with it. Simply tell LocalGem what paths it should load for
your local gem and they will be loaded. Note that it doesn't matter how gem-like
your project is ie lib and bin directories etc. LocalGem *only* needs to know
the full path to your gem/library.

== Setup

Install the gem with:

    sudo gem install cldwalker-local_gem -s http://gems.github.com

To setup your local gem paths, give LocalGem a hash of gem names pointing
to a path or an array of paths to load. You can do this with LocalGem.setup_config

    LocalGem.setup_config do |c|
      c.gems = {'gem1'=>"/gem1/path/lib", 'gem2'=> ["/gem2/path/lib", "/gem2/path/bin"] }
    end

Or a config file at either a local local_gem.yml or ~/.local_gem.yml .
See local_gem.yml.example for an example config file.

== Usage

The two main methods that LocalGem provides are local_gem() and local_require()
which map to gem() and require() respectively. Both methods will attempt
to load local gems that you have defined. If no gem is found than they resort to default gem/require
behavior.

There are 3 ways to use this library, depending on how much you want LocalGem to invade your
namespace:

  1. Peace time:

      require 'local_gem'
      LocalGem.local_gem 'mygem'
      LocalGem.local_require 'anothergem'

  2. Diplomacy is fading:

      require 'local_gem'
      include LocalGem
      local_gem 'mygem'
      local_require 'anothergem'

  3. You're fscked (Don't worry, they should default to their normal behavior, should being the
     keyword):
      
      require 'local_gem'
      require 'local_gem/override'
      gem 'mygem'
      require 'anothergem'

All three ways would add my local alias library to $LOAD_PATH. These three ways
also apply to local_require().


== Motivation

Got tired of installing/uninstalling the latest version of a gem I'm actively working on. This
also makes it easy to treat any random directory of ruby files as a gem.

== Links
http://tagaholic.me/2009/02/05/local-gem-loads-your-current-code-now.html

== Limitations

The override and rcov don't play nicely.
